Load model from huggingface (#76)
Imageomics/kabr-tools: README.md

## Step 3: Label mini-scenes with behavior 
You can use the [KABR model](https://huggingface.co/imageomics/x3d-kabr-kinetics) to label the mini-scenes with behavior. See the [ethogram](ethogram) folder for the list of behaviors used to label the zebra videos.

Label the mini-scenes:
```
miniscene2behavior [--hub huggingface_hub] [--config path_to_config] --checkpoint path_to_checkpoint [--gpu_num number_of_gpus] --miniscene path_to_miniscene [--output path_to_output_csv]
```

**Notes:**

>  - ex: miniscene2behavior --hub imageomics/x3d-kabr-kinetics --checkpoint checkpoint_epoch_00075.pyth.zip --miniscene path_to_miniscene
>   - download checkpoint from huggingface and extract config
>  - ex: miniscene2behavior --hub imageomics/x3d-kabr-kinetics --config config.yml --checkpoint checkpoint_epoch_00075.pyth --miniscene path_to_miniscene
>   - download checkpoint and config from huggingface
>  - ex: miniscene2behavior --config config.yml --checkpoint checkpoint_epoch_00075.pyth --miniscene path_to_miniscene
>   - use local checkpoint and config

Reviewer: ````suggestion
**Examples:**
 - download checkpoint from huggingface and extract config ex: 
 ```
miniscene2behavior --hub imageomics/x3d-kabr-kinetics --checkpoint checkpoint_epoch_00075.pyth.zip --miniscene path_to_miniscene
 ```
 - download checkpoint and config from huggingface ex: 
```
miniscene2behavior --hub imageomics/x3d-kabr-kinetics --config config.yml --checkpoint checkpoint_epoch_00075.pyth --miniscene path_to_miniscene
```
 - use local checkpoint and config ex: 
```
miniscene2behavior --config config.yml --checkpoint checkpoint_epoch_00075.pyth --miniscene path_to_miniscene
```
**Notes:**
````
And delete the "Notes" above (I can't include it in the suggestion).
